# Status Update: Architecture, Design, and More (February 4th, 2026)

## Goals from Last Week:
- Finish software architecture
- Finish software design
- Choosing coding guidelines 
- Risk assessment 
- Project schedule
- Team structure 
- Test plan and bugs
- Documentation plan

## What got done:
This week, the team focused on finalizing the system architecture. We accomplished this by updating our [living document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ne9dMbzxdo1actxRgpeopU2VFmHr2Dr3ZVr-e0mSXKc/edit?tab=t.0) with new sections for:
- Software Architecture
- Software Design
- Coding Guidelines
- Team Structure 
- Testing and Bug Plans
- Documentation Plan

By documenting these sections in the living document, the team has a concrete plan of what our product needs and how we will achieve it. The guided planning aligned everyone to the same page, which we all found helpful. **We completed everything planned from last week.**

## Progress and Issues:
Overall, this week went smoothly, with a few minor notes: 
### Improvements:
We identified it would be hard to schedule another team meeting due to heavy scheduling conflicts with work, clubs, other classes, etc...

To circumvent this issue, we set up smaller feature meetings with a majority of the team who are available to discuss issues and delegate work. For the members not in attendance, we ensured they were kept in the loop through a meeting summary sent in the team messaging.
### New Learning: 
This week was extremely helpful in figuring out the full software stack and getting the team familiarized with it. Through individual testing and research, we identified frameworks and packages that may not be well-suited. 

Below is a list of things the team learned from individual testing and research this week: [(*see emerging issues*)](#emerging-issues)
- OpenAI CLIP limitations
- FaceBook Marketplace Scraping restrictions
- What information is available in a listing

### Emerging Issues:
We found potential issues that may arise when implementing the frameworks or processes above. We developed a plan last week should issues arise for alternatives. 
##### OpenAI CLIP Limitations:
We chose OpenAI CLIP since it's pre-trained and can be deployed to run on any machine. Through individual testing however, we found its strength in identifying images doesn't apply to identifying condition imperfections and damages present in an image. 

Our backup plan is to utilize a different vision-language model, such as Gemini Vision or GPT-4V. These are mainly pay-per-use cloud based solutions, which can be costly for testing and deployment. 
##### Facebook Marketplace Scraping Restrictions:
Facebook Marketplace has restrictive features to prevent scraping, such as: 
- Limited amount of listings viewable without an account
- Violation of EULA
- UI updates may break scraping (uncommon)
With this in mind, we plan on using Docker to deploy new instances of scraping. Each instance will use a proxy to rotate IP addresses and circumvent other anti-bot restrictions. 
##### Listing Information:
We earlier had issues determining exactly what details we can extract from a listing in Marketplace. Particularly location and seller information. 

Our solution was to inspect how the HTML stores the information. Through research and testing, we identified the elements which we can extract the data from reliably. 

## High Level Goals:
Our high level goals are similar to last week, with better detail given new developments:
- Create an interactable interface. Finalize general design *utilizing neobrutalist web design*
- Create scraping system, *utilizing the backend to connect Supabase to scraping deployments*
- Create working model and fallback heuristics, *using cached information in the database when possible*

We believe these features will be available for the beta release and will set the product up for success in later stages of development. 
## Goals for Next Week: 
Since the majority of planning has been completed, our team feels confident starting development. We will have a focus on testing and CI to meet milestone 4. With that in mind, our goals for the next week are:
- Drafting testing procedure
- Implementing testing framework
- Implementing CI service
- UI and design language finalised
- Scraping service development, for purpose of small scale testing
- Documenting changes to the software after successful implementation 

## Questions for Product Leader:
- In a game of Rock Paper Scissors, which one do you choose first? 

