# Status Update: Gamma Release (February 25th, 2026)

## Goals from Last Week:
- Create User and Developer documentation (all)
- Migrate model confidence to use heuristics and have improved weights for various factors (Tanner)
- Implement similar listings and market price analysis (Daniel)
- Migrate default tailwind declarations to share constant styles (David)
- Custom scraping service (Tanner)
- Record demo video & product trailer (Nathan & Tanner)
- Expand testing to new features (Lamont & Christy)

## What got done:
From last week, we were able to complete most of everything on the list:
- Added User and Developer Documentation, updating top-level README accordingly
- Added/improved heuristics for model confidence score on dashboard
- Implemented similar listing logic to move away from relying on dummy data
- Created a custom scraping service to use instead of relying solely on a third-party API
- Created new tests accordingly
- Finished demo video

## Progress and Issues:
Mostly everything went smoothly this week, with the exception of working to refactor our code and repo on top of implementing new features has led to some inconsistencies in the repo regarding the documented workflow.

Due to the scale of this project and the resources required to do so, we've decided to abandon the prospect of creating a separate market price analysis and price prediction model and are instead committing to the use of the current system in place.

### Improvements:
Moving into the final phases of the project, our overall workflow has become much more streamlined and our project is becoming something we are quite happy with. With this momentum we wish to continue polishing our app and seriously consider some of the more p2 goals.

### New Learning:
Since we are at a stage where we have a relatively finished product, learning mainly came from refining the features we had in the beta.
- Parts of the model were left unfinished with placeholder values for the beta release. We've now added updated features involving those unfinished parts that better reflect use cases.
- There are still some minor features that we still want to add before the final release.

### Emerging Issues:
As mentioned earlier, due to a lot of major changes with our app's workflow on top of refactoring the repo to better match the documentation, there are some inconsistencies we need to iron out.

Other than that, our known issues now are managable and will be handled accordingly.

## High Level Goals:
Most of our high level goals have rolled over from weeks prior, with a few minor additions:
- Engineer better prompting and improve listing information processing
- Implement scam detection and risk factors
- Create incentive for account creation through limited use tokens and certain feature restriction

## Goals for Next Week: 
- Continue refactoring code and repo (all)
- Devise improved model prompting (Tanner & Lamont)
- Implement scam detection and risk factor features (Tanner & Daniel)
- Implement guest mode restrictions and limited uses (David & Nathan)
- Further improve testing suite (Lamont & Christy)

## Questions for Product Leader:
- As we are moving closer to the final release, is there any advice you'd give as for what we should prioritize or drop?
- Is the new Raising Canes any good?
